battlefield 4 is banned in China over
controversial DLC let's see why the
Chinese government accused EA Electronic
Arts you know those guys write a formula
cultural invasion well they've
definitely made an invasion of our
pockets so I want to be surprised
battlefield 4 has been banned in China
after the release of the China rising
dlc according to technique news the
Chinese government accused EA publisher
of the first person shooter for creating
a form of cultural invasion China rising
is battlefields first expansion set on
the Chinese mainland it contains new
maps modes vehicles assignments weapons
and follows a fictional story of Admiral
Chang who wants to overthrow the Chinese
government with the release China's
Ministry of Culture wants to ban all
forms battlefield foreign plans to
prohibit the cell physical copies of the
game and all related all related
downloads demos patches and news pc
games com seein reports that battlefield
4 has been characterized as illegal on
the grounds that it endangers national
security and cultural aggression hell
this has came to know one surprise of
course China's China whatever but EA
declined to the comment on the matter to
actually say anything about the matter
but considering it doesn't sell
battlefield 4 in China now the ruling
might not come too much matter because
well it's China what is troubling for
the company is the delay of the same DLC
with a game isn't banned like here in
the US is that really a big surprise
look at that EA is missing up again what
has it been three years straining the
row voted as a worst company in the u.s.
crazy stuff and they're even missing up
on the DLC and the main game probably
because they're very transparent and
want all your money and they don't want
to give anything back to the customer
it's my assumption and a recent comment
to IGN regarding the delay of the china
rising dlc aea said we know many of our
players are frustrated and we feel your
pain we will not stop until this is
right until we get all your money okay
that last part wasn't actually in it but
yeah i'm sure they fill our pain because
they need moyens and millions and
millions more anyways guys that's just
my compound matter in my opinion but
anyways guys definitely see you next
time if you've enjoyed this video and
only if you have a thumbs it up and if
you want more gaming news just like this
video hit that subscribe button and
become part of
bold community guys seen as time and
peace out